PROVIDERS.md, before:

Messaging provider interface
============================

Interface
---------

Sending messages to a single recipient:

```ruby
send_short_message!(options)
```

Options must be a hash of the following:

* `:recipient` (required): Recipient number. Either an unprefix number (12345678) or a prefixed number (+4712345678).
* `:body`: Body text.
* `:receipt_url`: the callback URL that the provider will ping with the delivery receipt.
* `:rate`: a hash:
  * `:currency` (required): currency name, eg. USD.
  * `:amount` (required): amount in that currency * 100. Eg., to specify 1 USD, specify `100`.
* `:sender`: the sender number or text. May not be supported by all providers.
* `:timeout`: timeout, in seconds, for the sending to complete.

The provider must return a vendor-specific string key that can be used to query the status of a message delivery.

```ruby
parse_receipt(url, raw_body)
```

This method must parse a receipt callback. It must return a hash:

* `:id` (required): The ID of the transaction, as returned by `send_short_message!`.
* `:status` (required): A symbol representing the current status, one of `:in_progress`, `:delivered`, `:unknown` or `:failed`.
* `:vendor_status`: Vendor-specific status code or string.
* `:vendor_message`: Optional human-readable explanation for the vendor status.

Mobiletech
----------

This provider supports the following configuration variables:

* `:cpid` (required): The CPID.
* `:secret` (required): API secret.
* `:sender_country`: Country code of sender. Defaults to `NO`.
* `:default_sender`: Sender number to use by default. Defaults to the nothing (ie., the gateway default).
* `:default_prefix`: Prefix to use for numbers when no country prefix has been specified. Defaults to `47`.

Commit message:

Add test method for gateways.

PROVIDERS.md, after:

Messaging provider interface
============================

Interface
---------

Sending messages to a single recipient:

```ruby
send_short_message!(options)
```

Options must be a hash of the following:

* `:recipient` (required): Recipient number. Either an unprefix number (12345678) or a prefixed number (+4712345678).
* `:body`: Body text.
* `:receipt_url`: the callback URL that the provider will ping with the delivery receipt.
* `:rate`: a hash:
  * `:currency` (required): currency name, eg. USD.
  * `:amount` (required): amount in that currency * 100. Eg., to specify 1 USD, specify `100`.
* `:sender`: the sender number or text. May not be supported by all providers.
* `:timeout`: timeout, in seconds, for the sending to complete.

The provider must return a vendor-specific string key that can be used to query the status of a message delivery.

```ruby
test!
```

Test whether the provider's connection is functional. Returns true or false.

```ruby
parse_receipt(url, raw_body)
```

This method must parse a receipt callback. It must return a hash:

* `:id` (required): The ID of the transaction, as returned by `send_short_message!`.
* `:status` (required): A symbol representing the current status, one of `:in_progress`, `:delivered`, `:unknown` or `:failed`.
* `:vendor_status`: Vendor-specific status code or string.
* `:vendor_message`: Optional human-readable explanation for the vendor status.

Mobiletech
----------

This provider supports the following configuration variables:

* `:cpid` (required): The CPID.
* `:secret` (required): API secret.
* `:sender_country`: Country code of sender. Defaults to `NO`.
* `:default_sender`: Sender number to use by default. Defaults to the nothing (ie., the gateway default).
* `:default_prefix`: Prefix to use for numbers when no country prefix has been specified. Defaults to `47`.
