README.md, before:

Hermes
======

Hermes is the god of external message delivery.

It can be configured to send whatever - with various providers.

Messages are stored as restricted Grove posts, only available for a god session on that realm.

## Configuration

Before one can send a message, a realm must be configured against a message interface provider.

You configure realms by putting a yml file under ./config/realms.

### Example realm config

Let's configure the realm 'test'.

Create the file ./config/realms/test.yml with the content:

  ```
  session: hermesapplicationfb8f11fjeiwjoefijwe40e82efa7d3895954b4537317689a0960e35c67076
  implementations:
    sms:
      provider: PSWinCom
      user: test
      password: myPassword
      default_sender_country: NO
      default_sender_number: Test
      default_prefix: 47
    email:
      provider: MailGun
      api_key: key-2340i230+4230423094i3
      mailgun_domain: test.mailgun.org

  ```

The file name is the realm name (with .yml).

The ``session`` key is a god session for this realm in Checkpoint.

Under ``implementations`` we put the configuration for various provider implmentations (see [providers.md](./providers.md) for details).

### Sending messages

With the example above we have set up the possibility to send sms and email for the 'test' realm.

We may then POST messages with the API:

``/api/hermes/v1/test/messages/email`` and ``/api/hermes/v1/test/messages/sms``

The last part of the URL maps directly to the key in the config under ``implementations``

Commit message:

Save grove post as hermes_message

README.md, after:

Hermes
======

Hermes is the god of external message delivery.

It can be configured to send whatever - with various providers.

Messages are stored as restricted Grove posts (post.hermes_message), and is only available for a god session on that realm.

## Configuration

Before one can send a message, a realm must be configured against a message interface provider.

You configure realms by putting a yml file under ./config/realms.

### Example realm config

Let's configure the realm 'test'.

Create the file ./config/realms/test.yml with the content:

  ```
  session: hermesapplicationfb8f11fjeiwjoefijwe40e82efa7d3895954b4537317689a0960e35c67076
  implementations:
    sms:
      provider: PSWinCom
      user: test
      password: myPassword
      default_sender_country: NO
      default_sender_number: Test
      default_prefix: 47
    email:
      provider: MailGun
      api_key: key-2340i230+4230423094i3
      mailgun_domain: test.mailgun.org

  ```

The file name is the realm name (with .yml).

The ``session`` key is a god session for this realm in Checkpoint.

Under ``implementations`` we put the configuration for various provider implmentations (see [providers.md](./providers.md) for details).

### Sending messages

With the example above we have set up the possibility to send sms and email for the 'test' realm.

We may then POST messages with the API:

``/api/hermes/v1/test/messages/email`` and ``/api/hermes/v1/test/messages/sms``

The last part of the URL maps directly to the key in the config under ``implementations``
